attributeName	code	definition
Cattail	below threshold	threshold
Cattail	MFGtS	MFGts
Cattail	none	none
Cell_Shape	50m x 50m grid cell	size of sampling cell
Exotics	EcST	Exotics_test
Exotics	ElS	Exotics_test
Exotics	EmS	Exotics_test
Exotics	EsD	Exotics_test
Exotics	EsS	Exotics_test
Exotics	"EsS, ElS"	Exotics_test
Notes	11% bayhead species in entire cell	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	40% conere cover in shrub layer	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	48% shrub cover and 12% herb cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	A lot of snags probably cold burned.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Bayhead species 30% of shrub layer	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Bayhead species 40% in shrub layer	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Bayhead species 40% of shrub layer	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Between tram roads.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Borderline CMrGe with clajam patches.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Borderline FSBT. May be good site for Chromolaena frustrata.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Borderline MFO with only 15perc veg. Lots of periphyton.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Borderline SMr. There are patches of clajam but majority is open.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Borderline SSBT. Sawgrass overestimated	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Burned about a year ago.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Burned.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Burned. A lot of exotic lygmic in area around cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Burned. Lygmic cover 4.5%.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Bushes of dead lagrac possibly cold damaged. Imagery may look like CMl or CMlGn.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Clajam cover is 18%	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Classified land. Dominant feature is the water	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Clumped chrica on NE.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	CMcGc understory.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	CMrGe acceptable.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	CMrO code overrides WMcO found here.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	CMXcr also acceptable	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	conere overestimated. Only 5% bayhead species	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Creeks with rhiman myrcer 30perc.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	CSBGc also acceptable	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	CSBT also acceptable based on a height of 2m.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	CSBT also acceptable due to 50% open water cover.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	CShGc because cepocc 50perc of shrub layer. CSBGc acceptable with 45perc bayhead spp. Exotic melqui below threshold.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	CSW and CSWGc acceptable. There is 20% typha cover in cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Cypress dome on S.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Dead conere is resprouting. Exotic schter below threshold.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Dead lagrac with dead tops and resprouts.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Deep water marsh with floating periphyton mat. Large patch of rhytra on NW.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Did not take NE photo.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Edge of forest on W is mettox serrep chrica. MFGX clajam elecel understory.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Edge of tree island on S.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Edge of tree island on SE.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	erigig gives the herb height 2m. The sawgrass is less than 2m in height. Helpin and erigig are the only prairie species.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Even mix of bayhead and mangrove species	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Excluded MFO patches. Patch of forest on E. SSBT code overrides WSH found here.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Exotic lygmic 5perc of cell. Shrubland with some emergent trees	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Exotic lygmic returning to this burned area.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Exotic melqui 25perc of cell and casequi below threshold.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Exotic melqui 30perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Exotic melqui below threshold. Stand of typdom to N.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Exotic schter 18perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Exotic schter 83perc of cell. Found 83perc schter 17myrcer shrubland with emergent trees.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Exotic schter below threshold.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	FHq because quevir 80perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	FHq on N.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Filamentous green algae present. Only 5% herb cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	FMa acceptable.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	FMc accebtable. Trees 60perc conere 40perc bayhead spp.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	FMr acceptable.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	FMX acceptable.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	FMXar acceptable.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Forest is the dominant feature	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 15perc old dead snags.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 15perc ONWo. FMr acceptable	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 15perc ONWo. Only 12% herb cover. Scrub based on height.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 20 junroe marsh. Half of the shrub cover is bayhead species.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 20perc dead trees and open sand.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 20perc ONWo.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 25perc ONWo.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 30perc ONWo.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 30perc ONWo. Shrubland with some emergent trees	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 40perc ONWo.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 46perc tree cover. Borderline FMXar.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 50perc ONWo. Split cell. Classified vegetation on land.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 50perc rhyinu 20rhytra 20clajam.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 60perc clajam 40perc MFGe. Many sweaters.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 60perc mudflat. 40perc vegetation. TF acceptable.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 60perc ONWo. Classified ONWo but recorded vegetation data for land.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	"Found 60perc temperate 40 tropical trees. FHT, FHq, and FHg are also acceptable. Went with FHS due to lack of other tempereate species."	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 60perc vegetation.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 65perc ONWo.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 65perc ONWo. Classified ONWo but recorded vegetation data for land.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 70perc MFGc 30perc MFGe.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 70perc ONWo. Classified ONWo but recorded vegetation data for land.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 75perc ONT. Classified ONT but recorded vegetation data for land.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 75perc ONWo. Classified ONWo but recorded vegetation data for land.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 80perc ONWo. Classified ONWc but recorded vegetation data for land.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 80perc ONWo. Classified ONWo but recorded vegetation data for land.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 90perc ONT. Classified ONT but recorded vegetation data for land.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 90perc ONWo. Land has 10m tall rhiman aviger.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 90perc ONWo. Land has 20perc rhiman shrubs 80trees.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 90perc ONWo. Land has rhiman junroe.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found 90perc ONWo. Trees along coast 10m tall rhiman.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found cell has 5perc dead pinell trees.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found elecel in smaller patches.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Found ONWo. Classified ONWo but recorded vegetation data for land.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Gator trail still visible.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Graminoids 40perc typdom 20panhem 10elecel 5clajam 5erigig.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Greater than 20% difference between rhiman and lagrac	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Herb cover 6.5%	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	herb height overestimated. Sawgrass 1 to 1.5m height	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Holes in the photo are ponds.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Island of lagrac on E.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Less than 50% quevir cover. Quevir is a component of FHS.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Lots of periphyton.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Lots of periphyton. Area with clajam on N.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Lots of periphyton. MFGe with discrete clajam patches.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Lots of periphyton. There are prairie pockets but this is a marsh.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Lots of periphyton. Tree island in NE corner	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Lygmic 6%	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Lygmic cover 3.5%	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Lygmic cover 6%. CSBGc also acceptable	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Lygmic cover 9%. Schter cover 3%	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mangrove shrubs clumped	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Many birds including white egrets tricolored herons.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Many dead lagrac shrubs. CSBTGc may also be acceptable.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Many dead shrubs. SMl if including dead shrubs	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Many dead trees.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Many old snags.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Many rhiman seedlings in clajam.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Many snags.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Marly periphyton.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Marsh with shrubs following creeks. Shrub layer has 40% mangrove and 60% bayhead species.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	May have been burned.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFG MSG juncus on SE.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFGa on W. Some panhem pasgem rhytra elecel.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFGcSD acceptable. Split cell MFGe on SE and MFGcSD on NW. Classified MFGe.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFGcSS understory.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFGe is one third of NW.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFGe on W.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFGe patch.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFGe to W of this cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFGe with clajam patches. Some periphyton.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFGPc on N.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFGX elecel rhytra on N.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFGX mixed clajam rhyinu rhytra understory.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MFGXcr understory.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed andvir clajam muhcap rhydiv prairie. Rocky.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed aviger conere rhiman. Exotic thepop below threshold.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam elecel pasgem rhytra. Bayhead on N.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam elecel rhytra.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam elecel rhytra. Borderline MFGXcr.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam elecel rhytra. MFGXcr acceptable. Small tree island in cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam elecel.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam elecel. Lots of periphyton.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam elecel. Small piece of tributary on N with rhiman salcar chrica.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam elecel. Split cell sparse MFGX on SE and smaller MFGcSD on NW. Vegetation for the entire cell was recorded. It appears that the sawgrass marsh is the dominant habitat	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap prairie.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap prairie. Burned and rocky.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap prairie. Exotic melqui below threshold.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap prairie. Pine woodland on W and E edges.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap prairie. Rocky. May be edge of prairie.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap prairie. Small hardwood patch on S.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap prairie. Small tree island on center is sidsal myrcer.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap prairie. Treated casequ.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap prairie. Tree island on NW.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap schnig schrhi prairie.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap schnig schrhi prairie. Piece of tree island at SW.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap schnig schrhi prairie. Rocky.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap schrhi prairie.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap schrhi prairie. Piece of tree island at SW.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam muhcap schrhi prairie. Rocky.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam panhem.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam rhyinu.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam rhytra.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam schrhi prairie.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed clajam typdom.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed elecel panhem. Some periphyton.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed elecel rhyinu rhytra.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed elecel rhytra.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed elecel rhytra. Tree island on E is rhiman chrica myrcer perbor clajam.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed elecel rhytra. Tree island on S is chrica myrcer.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed mangrove forest.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed muhcap schnig prairie.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed muhcap schnig prairie. Dry prairie.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed muhcap schnig schrhi prairie.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed muhcap schrhi prairie.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mixed pasmon schrhi prairie. Rocky.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mostly mangrove shrubs classified. Split cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mostly open mud at low tide. Vegetation listed is the minor vegetated component	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mostly open water.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Mostly open water. Parts of tree islands rhiman mettox conere clajam.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MSGn or MSGj acceptable. Schinus cover 5% for entire cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MSGo understory.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MSS understory.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	MSS understory. Mixed batmat saramb sualin.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Much schter in area seen between last point and this one.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	muhcap appears in patches on rock outcrops	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	N end difficult to fly due to high winds.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Near SET site	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	No code for bayhead scrub in prairie.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	No photo of datasheet taken.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	No photo of datasheet taken. Schter 6% overall cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	No photo of datasheet taken. Trace of lygmic present	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	No photo taken.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	No photos taken. Only 12% herb cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	No picture of datasheet	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	No understory category for rhytra.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	No vegetation.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	No vegetation. Could be a creek or ONWo	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	No vegetation. May be creek or ONWo	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Not a lot of periphyton.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Not CMaSb because aviger clumped on NW.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Not CMrGc because 10perc rhiman is clumped.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Not CMrGc because rhiman clustered in center.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Not enough bayhead species	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Not enough rhiman for FSBT. MFGc on NW.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	NW corner has melqui.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Only 10% herb cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Only 10.5% mangrove cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Only 16% bayhead species for entire cell	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Only 16% bayhead species for the cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Only 4% herb cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Only 4perc clajam.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Only 5% herb cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	only 6% herb cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Only 6% herb cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Only 8% herb cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Only 9% herb cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Only 9% herb cover. Scrub based on height.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Only 9.7% herb cover. Scrub based on height.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Overall cover overestimated on datasheet.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Part of tree island at north in cell	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Part of tree island in NE. Bayhead species are only 5.4% of the cover.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Part of tree island in SW is chrica taxdis.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	"Part of tree island included, shrub cover thus overestimated."	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Part of tree island is perbor some magvir. There are prairie pockets but this is a marsh.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Part of tree island on E is chrica myrcer rhiman.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Part of tree island on NE mostly tremic.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Part of tree island on S is pteaqu nepexa. There are prairie pockets but this is a marsh.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Part of tree island on SW is conere rhiman. MFGcSD understory.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Part of tree island on W mostly pteaqu.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Part of tree island on W mostly rhiman.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Part of tree island on W.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Parts of tree island on NE and SW are mostly tremic.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Parts of tree islands at NW and S. There are prairie pockets but this is a marsh.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Patch of clajam on SE.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Patch of elecel pelvir poncor.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Patch of thepop nearby to E.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Peculiar vegetation mix. CUG acceptable if including shorter trees with shrub layer.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	"Percentages are for the entire cell. Two habitats, SMr and sawgrass at either end. Density of rhiman and their height make this a SMr."	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	pictures show some cattail	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Piece of tree island at N is sidsal myrcer.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Piece of tree island at SE is sidsal cocdiv ilecas.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Pieces of tree islands at NW and SW.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Point from Jimi Sadle. Exotic lygmic 0perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	"Point from Jimi Sadle. Exotic lygmic 0perc of cell. Split cell, sawgrass dominates."	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Point from Jimi Sadle. Exotic lygmic 15perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Point from Jimi Sadle. Exotic lygmic 20perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Point from Jimi Sadle. Exotic lygmic 26perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Point from Jimi Sadle. Exotic lygmic 30perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Point from Jimi Sadle. Exotic lygmic 5perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Ponds with chara.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Prairie.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Quevir only 42% of cell	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Rhiman habitat is a separate habitat to east in cell	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	rhiman shrubs clumped at NE	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	rhiman shrubs clumped at north in cell	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Rocky broken ground.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Rocky.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Rocky. Lots of periphyton.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Rocky. There are prairie pockets but this is a marsh.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Round clajam patches.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Schinus 25% cover	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Schinus cover 10%. Shrubland with some emergent trees.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Schinus cover 2.7 %. Datasheet photo taken after site photos.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Schinus cover 7.5%	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Schinus cover 9%.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Schter cover 2.5%	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Schter cover 3%.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Scrub based on 2m height of shrubs	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Scrub due to 2m height for shrubs	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	shrub and herb cover adjusted to equal 100	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Shrub cover originally overestimated	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Shrub cover originally underestimated	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Shrub cover overestimated	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Shrub cover overestimated. Only 10% cover for shrubs.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Shrub heights overestimated. Some conere shrubs are taller to 4m.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	shrubland with some emergent trees	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Shrubland with some emergent trees	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Shrubland with some emergent trees.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Shrubs 2m in height	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	"Shrubs clustered in SE corner of cell, marsh is the dominant community"	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SMa code overrides WMaG found here. Split cell classified SW.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SMa code overrides WMaS found here	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SMa code overrides WMaS found here. Split cell with MSS minority.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Small edge of tree island.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Small MFGe on NW.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Small patch of MFGe and some rhytra.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Small patch of MFGe. Lots of periphyton.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Small piece of tree island on SE.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Small tree island in center is conere rhiman myrcer.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Small tree island in center.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Small tree island on center is sidsal mettox.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SMc code overrides WMcO found here.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SMr acceptable.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SMXcr code overrides WMXcr found here.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SMXlr acceptable. No WMl or WMX class. Rhiman 42% of entire cell and lagrac 32%	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Some 10perc dieback.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Some FMr.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Some periphyton.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Some water 20perc. Not a bayhead.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell MFG MFGc tree islands. Classified tree islands. Almost enough rhiman for CSBTGc.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell with 50perc ONWo. Classified the land.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell with 50perc ONWo. Classified the land. Only 9% herb cover.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell with 50perc ONWo. Classified the land. Only 9% junroe cover.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell with MFGe.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell with ONWo. SMr with conere and some bayhead spp.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell with salcar and MFGg.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell WUpRSn on SE and EsD on NW. Classified WUpRSn but recorded vegetation data for EsD. Exotic schter 60perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell. 50perc mud and water. Only 5% herb cover.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell. Majority forest.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell. Minority tree island with conere mettox rhiman aviger cocuvi chrica.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Split cell: CSBT at south and CMrGe at north. Classified both but dominant habitat is rhiman scrub	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSB code overrides WS found here.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSB code overrides WSH found here.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSB code overrides WSH found here. 34% mangrove species	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSB code overrides WSH found here. Borderline SSy with 40perc chrica. Surrounded by MFGcSD.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSB code overrides WSH found here. Exotic schter 12perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSB code overrides WSH found here. Exotic schter 32perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSBT at E in cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSBT code overrides WMcG found here.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSBT code overrides WMcG found here. MFGcSS understory.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSBT code overrides WSH found here.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSBT code overrides WSH found here. MFGcSS understory.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSBT code overrides WSH found here. SMXry acceptable.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSc on SE.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSs because salcar 60perc of shrub layer. SSB acceptable with 60perc salcar 20myrcer 10anngla 10ilecas.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSy because 60perc chrica. FSB acceptable. Fringe of rhiman.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSy because chrica 63perc of cell. Fringe of rhiman.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSy because chrica 63perc of cell. SSy code overrides WSH found here.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSy because chrica 67perc of cell. Borderline FSB with 28perc bayhead spp. Tree height but chrica is always shrubland. MFGc on N.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSy because chrica 69perc of cell. FSB borderline.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SSy borderline because chrica 51perc of cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SUH code overrides WUH found here.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	SUH code overrides WUH found here. Tree island with MFGPc.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Taller shrubs by creek.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Teeming with fish.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	The buttonwood in the tree layer makes this a buttonwood shrubland	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	The shrub cover is from a tree island at the SW in the cell. The dominant community is the sawgrass marsh.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	There are prairie pockets but this is a marsh.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	There are prairie pockets but this is a marsh. Exotic melqui below threshold.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	There is 15% difference between rhiman and lagrac.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	There is 2% schter cover within cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	There is a trace of lygmic in cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Too close to visitor center. Specific vegetation data not collected.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Tree cover densities at cutoff point.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Tree cover slightly underestimated	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Tree island in center is 20perc sabpal 50chrica 20myrcer 10perbor.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Tree island in NW corner of cell where upland species are. Dominant habitat is surrounding cypress scrub with sawgrass.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Tree island is taxdis chrica rhiman.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Tree island on NE is mettox sidsal schter myrcer salcar.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Tree island on S is conere dominated with cocuvi mettox rhiman casequi.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Tree island on SW is chrica rhiman myrcer.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Tree island to SW. Split cell with open area along airboat trail.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Two small tree islands.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Typdom cover 8% for entire cell.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 10perc elecel. Periphyton mats.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 10perc graminoid clajam dominant.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 11perc clajam. Edge of forest on E. Classified scrub.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 11perc graminoid elecel dominant.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 12perc elecel. Creek on E.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 12perc graminoid clajam dominant.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 12perc graminoid elecel dominant.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 12perc graminoid elecel dominant. Shrubs are 4m conere and 2m rhiman.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 13perc graminoid elecel dominant.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 14perc graminoid clajam dominant. CMrGc borderline.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 2perc elecel. Mostly open water.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 2perc elecel. Tree island on E is conere dominated with rhiman sidrec.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 3perc elecel. Mostly open water.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 4perc elecel.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 4perc elecel. Lots of casequ in area.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 4perc elecel. Very open. some periphyton.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 6perc elecel.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 6perc graminoid elecel dominant.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 7perc graminoid elecel clajam.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 8perc graminoid elecel dominant. NW patch of clajam.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 9perc clajam. Part of tree island on NW is conere chrica mettox.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 9perc graminoid clajam dominant.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Understory 9perc graminoid spovir dominant.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Vegetation cover at the cusp of cutoff perc. Mud flat.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Vegetation is clumped therefore this is not a scrub.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Went with scrub based on height	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Went with scrub based on height. Herb cover 13.5%	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	White mangrove cover overestimated	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	White zone.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	WMaO may also be acceptable	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	Woody species clustered along creek.	Notes outside of data collection
Notes	"Woody species clustered at south in cell. Some salcar within the typha, sawgrass stand but less than 10% cover."	Notes outside of data collection
Transport_Type	helicopter	transportation type
